# SIG Data Science Charter

This charter adheres to the conventions described in the [Operate First Governance document](https://github.com/operate-first/community/blob/main/governance.md) and uses the Roles and Organization Management outlined in that document.

## Scope

The Data Science SIG is responsible for all data science and machine learning related initiatives within the Operate First community. However, this SIG's primary focus is to serve the following 3 main objectives:

* Use Operate First as the go-to platform for incubating Open Source cloud native data science projects and defining best practices for developing and operating such Open Source cloud native data science projects.

* Leverage the public and openly available operations data generated by the Operate First platform to evaluate and develop AIOps tools to support the operation and the operators of the platform.

* Serve as ambassadors to the wider Open Source community through outreach initiatives (blogs, talks, etc.) and support for onboarding of new Open Source data science projects to the Operate First platform.


_Watch this [video](https://youtu.be/v4mur-_ywBM) for an in-depth discussion on the goals of the Operate First Data Science SIG._


### In scope

#### Code, Binaries and Services

* Publish and promote videos, blogs, talks, and tutorials on the tools, projects and best practices developed by the Data Science SIG subprojects.

* Develop demos, docs and notebooks to illustrate the data science capabilities of Operate First.

* Curate and maintain data sets generated by the Operate First platform.

* Experiment with and evaluate cloud native data science development tools and methods.

* Leverage the data produced by the Operate First community cluster to provide AIOps tools and analyses to the community.



#### Cross-functional and Externally Facing Processes

* Provide guidance to external groups with onboarding and development of data science work on any of the Operate First managed clusters.

* Foster a two-way relationship between Operate First and the wider open source data science community at large.

* Work with other Operate First SIG’s to ensure data collection and reporting is ongoing.


### Out of scope

* Not responsible for the installation and availability of data science services maintained by the Operate First Community cloud.
* Not responsible for any code, notebooks or projects outside of the Operate First community, and without an associated subproject initiated by this SIG.
* Not responsible for any request for support on any non-Open Source data or code.

## Roles and Organization Management

This SIG adheres to the Roles and Organization Management outlined in [governance document](https://github.com/operate-first/community/blob/main/governance.md)
and opts-in to updates and modifications to that same document.

### Subproject Creation

Pick one:

1. SIG Technical Leads
