NOTE: Calendar entry is now changed to hold this meeting weekly; last week we forgot to hold the meeting because we hadn't changed the calendar invite.

### Attendees
- Karsten Wade @quaid

### Agenda and Notes:
1. Finish updating project board **DONE**
1. Longer existing items
    1. Centralizing SIG Community as the main meeting to get Op1st things done and talked about
    1. Removing the stale/rotten watch by Sesheta on the SIG Community project board (to enable long-running tickets)
    1. Regular status updates or awareness of Open Source projects running on the community cloud Open ops dev environments.
    1. Github discussion boards (https://docs.github.com/en/discussions) as a part of our communication to the community?
1. Current important topics
    1. Meeting is now weekly
        * [x] ACTION @quaid change invite
        * [ ] ACTION @quaid notify mailing list - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/235
    1. SCALE 20x discussion going - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/236
    1. Refocusing the Op1st lens - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/237
        1. What are the tough questions to answer first?
        1. "Back to the lab"
        1. What does it really mean to be a community of practice?
            1. E.g. Can we work with Ansible and Project Wisdom to create a library of draft playbooks for a CoP to peer review?
            1.
    1. SIG-SRE plan - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/238
    1. Status of all projects
    1. Working with Janus-idp - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/240
    1. How many steps ahead can you "know" for Open? Discussions lead to agreements, agreements keep us going between affinity and alignment - https://github.com/operate-first/community/issues/241
